buddy it's me Ricky from the stylish
cooking and I don't know about you guys
but I love a s'mores when I was a kid
and I went camping all the time for Boy
Scouts s'mores was the number one thing
we did at night time and to this day
s'mores are amazing so a really easy and
simple way to make s'mores indoors
instead of outside by a campfire super
easy I need our graham crackers and just
break it in half like you would you know
outside put it on the top of a of a pan
that you can put it to the oven preheat
your oven to 300 degrees graham crackers
on top
oh let's see there you
break off your chocolate put it right on
top of the s'mores or around top of the
graham crackers
Oh broken you know what better yet
I'm gonna eat this for later
right on top
what you wanna do is you want to put
this into the oven for about one to two
minutes just until you see the
chocolates starting to melt all right
all right now the chocolate is partially
melted which one do is you an add-on or
add on top your jumbo marshmallows and
this side is gonna be the jumbo
marshmallows but I also bought the jiffy
puff marshmallow cream and on this side
I'm actually going to add a little
dollop of marshmallow cream
it's really add or it's really easy to
add your dollop if you use a two spoons
one is the scoop spoon one is the core
out spoon so you scoop in the jar jimp
up scoop out your little dollop
yeah
all right and then back into the oven
for one to two minutes just until the
marshmallow either melts a little or
even gets golden brown don't forget to
add both sides of your graham crackers
on the pan because you also want the the
top and the bottom to get that toasted
toasted taste all right so back into the
oven 311 for one to two minutes
all right guys these are the finished
products and I think that the jiffy puff
the marshmallow cream actually did a
better job than the marshmallow itself
because the marshmallow didn't really
melt it just got hot and golden-brown on
the top if you can tell but the jiffy
puff actually started to melt if you can
tell like right here
totally starts to melt like it actually
does for for likes campfire smores and
then Oh Louie gooey yumminess dude at
the top went on top smash it down
see
yeah
all right trial and error guys this is
how you uh it's just kind of what
happens sometimes when you cook at home
this is how you perfect your skill if
you are this ins aspiring chef there we
go
tongue-tied it's a little too uh it's a
little too early in the morning but um
if you're an aspiring chef I you know
trial and error happens all the time but
this one my friend is about to go into
my mouth gooey gooey yumminess are
really hoping I'm getting on my shirt
guys thanks for watching